Title: Beginning Perl for Bioinformatics
Author: James Tisdall
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9780596000806
Cover:
Publisher: O'Reilly Media
PubDate: October 2001
PageCount: 384
PriceUS: $39.95
SafariLink:
WebsiteLink: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596000806.do
AmazonLink:

With its highly developed capacity to detect patterns in data, Perl
has become one of the most popular languages for biological data
analysis. But if you're a biologist with little or no programming
experience, starting out in Perl can be a challenge. Many biologists
have a difficult time learning how to apply the language to
bioinformatics. The most popular Perl programming books are often too
theoretical and too focused on computer science for a non-programming
biologist who needs to solve very specific problems.

Beginning Perl for Bioinformatics is designed to get you quickly over
the Perl language barrier by approaching programming as an important
new laboratory skill, revealing Perl programs and techniques that are
immediately useful in the lab. Each chapter focuses on solving a
particular bioinformatics problem or class of problems, starting with
the simplest and increasing in complexity as the book progresses. Each
chapter includes programming exercises and teaches bioinformatics by
showing and modifying programs that deal with various kinds of
practical biological problems. By the end of the book you'll have a
solid understanding of Perl basics, a collection of programs for such
tasks as parsing BLAST and GenBank, and the skills to take on more
advanced bioinformatics programming. Some of the later chapters focus
in greater detail on specific bioinformatics topics. This book is
suitable for use as a classroom textbook, for self-study, and as a
reference.

The book covers:

Programming basics and working with DNA sequences and strings
Debugging your code
Simulating gene mutations using random number generators
Regular expressions and finding motifs in data
Arrays, hashes, and relational databases
Regular expressions and restriction maps
Using Perl to parse PDB records, annotations in GenBank, and BLAST output
