Title: Beginning Perl
Author: James Lee
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9781430227939
Cover:
Publisher: Apress, LLC
PubDate: April 2010
PageCount: 464
PriceUS: $39.99
SafariLink:
PublisherLink: http://www.apress.com/9781430227939
AmazonLink: 
GoogleBooks: 

This is a book for those of us who believed that we didn’t need to
learn Perl, and now we know it is more ubiquitous than ever. Perl is
extremely flexible and powerful, and it isn’t afraid of Web 2.0 or the
cloud. Originally touted as the duct tape of the Internet, Perl has
since evolved into a multipurpose, multiplatform language present
absolutely everywhere: heavy-duty web applications, the cloud, systems
administration, natural language processing, and financial
engineering. Beginning Perl, Third Edition provides valuable insight
into Perl’s role regarding all of these tasks and more.

Commencing with a comprehensive overview of language basics, you’ll
learn all about important concepts such as Perl’s data types and
control flow constructs. This material sets the stage for a discussion
of more complex topics, such as writing custom functions, using
regular expressions, and file input and output. Next, the book moves
on to the advanced topics of object-oriented programming, modules, web
programming, and database administration with Perl’s powerful database
interface module, DBI. The examples and code provided offer you all of
the information you need to start writing your own powerful scripts to
solve the problems listed above, and many more.

Whether you are a complete novice or an experienced programmer,
Beginning Perl, Third Edition offers an ideal guide to learning Perl.

What you’ll learn

How to use the power of Perl
How to handle Perl data structures
How to build database applications regardless of the underlying database
How to parse complex data
How to write industrial-strength object-oriented Perl
How to start web programming in Perl
Who this book is for

This book is for programmers of all shades and persuasions who thought
they could do without Perl. Think again.
