Title: The Definitive Guide to Catalyst
Author: Kieren Diment
Author: Matt Trout
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9781430223658
Cover:
Publisher: Apress, LLC
PubDate: July 2009
PageCount: 362
PriceUS: $49.99
SafariLink:
PublisherLink: http://www.apress.com/9781430223658
AmazonLink: 
GoogleBooks: 

Learn to build web applications with Catalyst, the popular open source
web framework based on the Perl programming language. The Definitive
Guide to Catalyst: Writing Extendable, Scalable, and Maintainable
Perl–Based Web Applications is a definitive guide to Catalyst version
5.8. This book contains

Training materials for new and experience programmers.
Worked examples and cookbook–style recipes of common web application programming tasks
Fundamentals of web application design and best–practice application style

What you’ll learn

Write web applications with Catalyst and Perl.
Design for extendability and code reuse.
Understand deployment options for high– and low–traffic sites.
Use DBIx::Class, Moose, and Template Toolkit.
Understand the Catalyst dispatcher and request cycle.
Deal with common web programming requirements: authentication and authorization, web services, sending e–mail, serving streaming media.

Who this book is for

The primary audience for this book is existing Perl programmers who
want more information on writing robust maintainable and extendable
web applications. This group is comprised of four subgroups:

Experienced perl programmers wanting to update their web programming skills (for example, CGI.pm, mod_perl, and Mason programmers)
Intermediate/Late beginner programmers wanting to learn rapid, extendable, maintainable web programming techniques in Perl
System administrators and other non–web users of Perl (e.g., bioinformatics workers) who want to learn modern Perl web development techniques
Existing catalyst programmers who want to learn about best practices for catalyst development

This book is also for programmers who want to understand web
application design and development more thoroughly.
