Title: Developing Web Applications with Apache, MySQL, memcached, and Perl
Author: Patrick Galbraith
ISBN10: 0470414642
ISBN13: 978-0470414644
Cover:
Publisher: Wiley / Wrox
PubDate: June 2009
PageCount: 864
PriceUS:  $49.99
SafariLink:
WebsiteLink: 
AmazonLink:

Adding a cache layer to the popular LAMP stack is becoming the common
solution to significantly reduce the load on back-end databases, and
also allows for better web application performance. This new caching
component is represented by another "m" in LAMMP, which stands for
memcached—a high-performance, distributed memory object caching system
that provides caching for web applications. The author walks you
through the process of using Perl to develop web applications both in
terms of the front-end display logic as well as the back-end data
retrieval from MySQL and memcached. You also see how to configure the
Apache web server to run these mod_perl applications.

You'll discover that MySQL and memcached are where the data is stored,
and Apache is the server that hosts this functionality. You'll also
examine each system while you learn how to install, set up, and
administer it.

The book shows you how to put each of these systems together so you
can start building successful applications. Helpful examples put in
practice the information covered throughout the book and a
problem-solving chapter offers real-world problems and the process of
how you might go about finding a solution to them.

What you will learn from this book

How to install, configure, and work with MySQL particularly basic concepts involving data, joins, and indexes as well as advanced usage of triggers, stored procedures, user-defined functions, storage engine usage, and more!
A Perl refresher on basic concepts as well as how to work with data from MySQL using various Perl data types
A chapter on object-oriented Perl
How to the use Sphinx storage engine for full-text searching as well as Gearman to distribute tasks
How to install and configure Apache 2.2 to work with mod_perl 2.0
How to use mod_perl handlers to develop web applications, including working with Ajax
A sample search engine application that puts together the various technologies discussed in the book
Who this book is for

This book is for developers who want to write applications using
MySQL, memcached, Apache, and Perl, and are interested in improving
the development process and efficiency.

Wrox Professional guides are planned and written by working
programmers to meet the real-world needs of programmers, developers,
and IT professionals. Focused and relevant, they address the issues
technology professionals face every day. They provide examples,
practical solutions, and expert education in new technologies, all
designed to help programmers do a better job.
