Title: Embedding Perl in HTML with Mason
Author: Dave Rolsky
Author: Ken Williams
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9780596002251
Cover:
Publisher: O'Reilly Media
PubDate: October 2002
PageCount: 320
PriceUS:  
SafariLink:
WebsiteLink: http://www.masonbook.com/book/
PublisherLink: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596002251.do
AmazonLink: 
GoogleBooks: 

Mason doesn't aim to be the one true Perl-based templating system for
building web sites, but it's led many programmers to abandon their
custom solutions when they've seen how much easier using Mason can be.
It's a powerful, open source, Perl-based web site development and
delivery engine, with features that make it an ideal backend for high
load sites serving dynamic content. Mason uses a concept called
components: a mix of HTML, Perl, and special Mason commands. These
components can be entire web pages, or bits of HTML that can be
embedded in top-level components. Shared and reusable, these
components greatly simplify site maintenance: when you change a shared
component, you instantly change all pages that refer to it.

Although using Mason isn't difficult, creating a Mason-based site can
be tricky. Embedding Perl in HTML with Mason, written by members of
Mason's core development team, shows you how to take advantage of
Mason's strengths while avoiding the obstacles that inexperienced
users may encounter. Mason's unique features, when used properly, can
streamline the design of a web site or application. This concise book
covers these features from several angles, and includes a study of the
authors' sample site where these features are used.

Embedding Perl in HTML with Mason shows you how to create large,
complex, dynamically driven web sites that look good and are a snap to
maintain. You'll learn how to visualize multiple Mason-based solutions
to any given problem and select among them. The book covers the latest
line of Mason development 1.1x, which has many new features, including
line number reporting based on source files, sub-requests, and easier
use as a CGI. The only book to cover this important tool, Embedding
Perl in HTML with Mason is essential reading for any Perl programmer
who wants to simplify web site design. Learn how to use Mason, and
you'll spend more time making things work, and less time reinventing
the wheel.
