Title: Perl Template Toolkit
Author: Darren Chamberlain
Author: Dave Cross
Author: Andy Wardley
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9780596004767
Cover:
Publisher: O'Reilly Media
PubDate: December 2003
PageCount: 592
PriceUS: $39.95 
SafariLink:
PublisherLink: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596004767.do
AmazonLink: 
GoogleBooks: 

Among the many different approaches to "templating" with Perl--such as
Embperl, Mason, HTML::Template, and hundreds of other lesser known
systems--the Template Toolkit is widely recognized as one of the most
versatile. Like other templating systems, the Template Toolkit allows
programmers to embed Perl code and custom macros into HTML documents
in order to create customized documents on the fly. But unlike the
others, the Template Toolkit is as facile at producing HTML as it is
at producing XML, PDF, or any other output format. And because it has
its own simple templating language, templates can be written and
edited by people who don't know Perl. In short, the Template Toolkit
combines the best features of its competitors, with ease-of-use and
flexibility, resulting in a technology that's fast, powerful and
extensible, and ideally suited to the production and maintenance of
web content and other dynamic document systems.

In Perl Template Toolkit you'll find detailed coverage of this
increasingly popular technology. Written by core members of the
technology's development team, the book guides you through the entire
process of installing, configuring, using, and extending the Template
Toolkit. It begins with a fast-paced but thorough tutorial on building
web content with the Template Toolkit, and then walks you through
generating and using data files, particularly with XML. It also
provides detailed information on the Template Toolkit's modules,
libraries, and tools in addition to a complete reference manual.

Topics in the book include:

Getting started with the template toolkit
The Template language
Template directives
Filters
Plugins
Extending the Template Toolkit
Accessing databases
XML
Advanced static web page techniques
Dynamic web content and web applications

The only book to cover this important tool, Perl Template Toolkit is
essential reading for any Perl programmer who wants to create dynamic
web content that is remarkably easy to maintain. This book is your
surefire guide to implementing this fast, flexible, and powerful
templating system.
