Title: Perl Debugger Pocket Reference
Author: Richard Foley
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9780596005030
Cover:
Publisher: O'Reilly Media
PubDate: January 2004 
PageCount: 142
PriceUS: $9.95
SafariLink:
WebsiteLink: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596005030.do 
AmazonLink:

Most Perl programmers know about the Perl debugger--the nifty little
built-in utility that you can use to fully debug any programs that you
write. Inside the interactive debugger environment, you're prompted
for commands that let you examine your source code, set breakpoints,
dump out function call stacks, change values of variables, and much
more. It's so convenient that some programmers run it just to test out
Perl constructs as they create a program. But although it's on their
radar, not many Perl programmers take the time to master the debugger.
That's where the Perl Debugger Pocket Reference comes in.

This little book provides a quick and convenient path to mastery of
the Perl debugger and its commands. Written by a core member of the
Perl debugger development team, it's an ideal quick reference to
debugger commands, as well as a detailed tutorial on how to get
started. The Perl Debugger Pocket Reference provides complete coverage
in a conveniently small package.

Maybe you write code so clean you never have to look at it twice. Or
perhaps you'd rather focus your energies on writing clean code, rather
than learning about the debugger. But if you need to learn about the
Perl debugger in a hurry, the Perl Debugger Pocket Reference is the
book you'll want to have close by. And you can always keep a copy on
hand to share with programmers who need it more than you do.

O'Reilly's Pocket References have become a favorite among programmers
everywhere. By providing a wealth of important details in a concise,
well-organized format, these handy books deliver just what you need to
complete the task at hand. When you've reached a sticking point in
your work and need to get to a solution quickly, the new Perl Debugger
Pocket Reference will get you back on the right track.
