Title: Perl Cookbook, 2nd Edition
Author: Tom Christiansen
Author: Nathan Torkington
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9780596003135
Cover:
Publisher: O'Reilly Media
PubDate: August 2003 
PageCount: 966
PriceUS: $49.95
SafariLink:
PublisherLink: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596003135.do
AmazonLink:

Find a Perl programmer, and you'll find a copy of Perl Cookbook
nearby. Perl Cookbook is a comprehensive collection of problems,
solutions, and practical examples for anyone programming in Perl. The
book contains hundreds of rigorously reviewed Perl "recipes" and
thousands of examples ranging from brief one-liners to complete
applications.

The second edition of Perl Cookbook has been fully updated for Perl
5.8, with extensive changes for Unicode support, I/O layers, mod_perl,
and new technologies that have emerged since the previous edition of
the book. Recipes have been updated to include the latest modules. New
recipes have been added to every chapter of the book, and some
chapters have almost doubled in size.

Covered topic areas include:

Manipulating strings, numbers, dates, arrays, and hashes
Pattern matching and text substitutions
References, data structures, objects, and classes
Signals and exceptions
Screen addressing, menus, and graphical applications
Managing other processes
Writing secure scripts
Client-server programming
Internet applications programming with mail, news, ftp, and telnet
CGI and mod_perl programming
Web programming

Since its first release in 1998, Perl Cookbook has earned its place in
the libraries of serious Perl users of all levels of expertise by
providing practical answers, code examples, and mini-tutorials
addressing the challenges that programmers face. Now the second
edition of this bestselling book is ready to earn its place among the
ranks of favorite Perl books as well.

Whether you're a novice or veteran Perl programmer, you'll find Perl
Cookbook, 2nd Edition to be one of the most useful books on Perl
available. Its comfortable discussion style and accurate attention to
detail cover just about any topic you'd want to know about. You can
get by without having this book in your library, but once you've tried
a few of the recipes, you won't want to.
