Title: Perl Best Practices: Standards and Styles for Developing Maintainable Code
Author: Damian Conway
ISBN10: 
ISBN13: 9780596001735
Cover:
Publisher: O'Reilly Media
PubDate: July 2005
PageCount: 544 
PriceUS: $39.99
SafariLink:
WebsiteLink: http://shop.oreilly.com/product/9780596001735.do
AmazonLink:

Many programmers code by instinct, relying on convenient habits or a
"style" they picked up early on. They aren't conscious of all the
choices they make, like how they format their source, the names they
use for variables, or the kinds of loops they use. They're focused
entirely on problems they're solving, solutions they're creating, and
algorithms they're implementing. So they write code in the way that
seems natural, that happens intuitively, and that feels good.

But if you're serious about your profession, intuition isn't enough.
Perl Best Practices author Damian Conway explains that rules,
conventions, standards, and practices not only help programmers
communicate and coordinate with one another, they also provide a
reliable framework for thinking about problems, and a common language
for expressing solutions. This is especially critical in Perl, because
the language is designed to offer many ways to accomplish the same
task, and consequently it supports many incompatible dialects.

With a good dose of Aussie humor, Dr. Conway (familiar to many in the
Perl community) offers 256 guidelines on the art of coding to help you
write better Perl code--in fact, the best Perl code you possibly can.
The guidelines cover code layout, naming conventions, choice of data
and control structures, program decomposition, interface design and
implementation, modularity, object orientation, error handling,
testing, and debugging.

They're designed to work together to produce code that is clear,
robust, efficient, maintainable, and concise, but Dr. Conway doesn't
pretend that this is the one true universal and unequivocal set of
best practices. Instead, Perl Best Practices offers coherent and
widely applicable suggestions based on real-world experience of how
code is actually written, rather than on someone's ivory-tower
theories on howsoftware ought to be created.

Most of all, Perl Best Practices offers guidelines that actually work,
and that many developers around the world are already using. Much like
Perl itself, these guidelines are about helping you to get your job
done, without getting in the way.
